Crystal Ring Shield
Soul of Moonlight Butterfly and +10 shield.

Moonlight Butterfly Horn
Soul of Moonlight Butterfly and +10 spear or +10 thrusting sword.

Chaos Blade
Soul of Quelaag and +10 Katana.

Quelaag's Furysword
Soul of Quelaag and +10 curved sword.

Greatsword of Artorias
Soul of Sif and +10 broken straight sword or +10 straight sword hilt.

Greatsword of Artorias (cursed)
Soul of Sif and +10 dagger or +10 greatsword or +10 straightsword.

Greatshield of Artorias
Soul of Sif and +10 shield.

Dragon Bone Fist
Core of an Iron Golem and +10 caestus or +10 claw.

Golem Axe
Core of an Iron Golem and +10 axe.

LifeHunt Scythe
Soul of Priscilla and +10 halberd or +10 whip.

Dragonslayer Spear
Soul of Ornstein and +10 spear or +10 thrusting sword. Note: kill Smough first.

Smough's Hammer
Soul of Smough and +10 hammer or +10 great hammer. Note: kill Ornstein first.

Darkmoon Bow
Soul of Gwyndolin and +10 bow.

Tin Darkmoon Catalyst
Soul of Gwyndolin and catalyst.

Great Lord Greatsword
Soul of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder and +10 dagger or +10 greatsword or +10 straight sword.

Drake Sword
Cut the tail off the dragon at undead burg. May be able to get it off by shooting arrows under the bridge.

Dragon King Greataxe
Cut the tail of Gaping Dragon (Depths boss).

Priscilla's Dagger
Cut Priscilla's tail off.

Moonlight Greatsword
Cut the tail off Seath the Scaleless.

Dragon Greatsword
Cut the tail off of the Stone Dragon (at Ash Lake).

Gravelord Sword
Join the Gravelord Servant Covenant. In the catacombs there is a row of coffins with a titanite demon at the end. There is one before waking it up that has an open lid. You must go in, wait 30 seconds, and possess an eye of death. You will be transported and you have to pray to Sarcophagus Gravelord.

Dark Hand
Join the Darkwraith Covenant. To join, do not place the lord vessal for the serpant at firelink shrine, instead, defeat the four kings and another serpant will appear and allow you to join the covenant.

Crescent Axe
Sold by Patches (dude in tomb of the giants) after defeating Nito.

Demon's Catalyst
Drop from Demon Firesage in Demon Ruins.

Izalith Catalyst
Drop from Daughter of Choas in Lost Izalith.

Crest Shield
Dropped by Oscar, Knight of Astora on your return visit to Undead Asylum.

Grant
Defeat the phantom Paladin Leeroy on your way to face Nito. The phantom is by the waterfall. You must not be hallow and have placed the lordvessal. Don't knock him off the ledge.

Sanctus
Defeat the phantom Paladin Leeroy on your way to face Nito. The phantom is by the waterfall. You must not be hallow and have placed the lordvessal. Don't knock him off the ledge.

Black Knight Sword
Possible drop from black knight wielding it at Undead Burg, Undead Asylum, and Kiln of the First Flame.

Black Knight Greatsword
Possible drop from black knight wielding it at Undead Parish and Kiln of the First Flame.

Black Knight Greataxe
Possible drop from black knight wielding it at The Catacombs and Kiln of the First Flame.

Black Knight Halberd
Possible drop from black knight wielding it at Darkroot Basin, Tomb of the Giants, and Kiln of the First Flame.

Black Knight Shield
Possible drop from any black knight.

Silver Knight Straight Sword
Possible drop from Silver Knight wielding it at Anor Londo.

Silver Knight Spear
Possible Drop from Silver Knight wielding it at Anor Londo.

Silver Knight Shield
Any Silver Knight at Anor Londo.

Channeler's Trident
Channeler's are those dancing spear magic guys. If they didn't drop at Undead Parish or Depths then you may as well farm the respawning ones at The Duke's Archives.

Giant's Halberd
Dropped by Sentinals at Anor Londo. Also sold by the giant Blacksmith.

Stone Greatsword
Dropped by Stone Knight in Darkroot Garden. Also sold by Shiva of the East after joining the Forest Hunter Covenant, speaking to him, and paying a visit by the elevator at the bottom of Blighttown.

Stone GreatShield
Dropped by Stone Knight in Darkroot Garden.

Effigy Shield
Found on a corpse guarded by a black knight in Tomb of the Giants between the first and second bonfire.

Bloodshield
Found on a corpse in the Painted World of Ariamis on the bridge near the undead dragon.

Velka's Rapier
Found on a corpse in the Painted World of Ariamis on a corpse after the door that opens with the annex key. Break some wooden planks.

Black Iron Greatshield
In Anor Londo before the giant painting there is a corpse on the left.

Dragonslayer Greatbow
On a roof in Anor Londo near the Giant Blacksmith. Go through the broken window on the upper levels.

Dragon Tooth
Found in a basement area behind an illusory wall in Anor Londo after the third bonfire. Watch out for the mimic.

Havel's Greatshield.
Found in a basement area behind an illusory wall in Anor Londo after the third bonfire. Watch out for the mimic.

Astora's Straight Sword
Found on a corpse near the undead dragon in Valley of Drakes. It has a divine effect btw.

Dragon Crest Shield
Found on a corpse near the undead dragon in Valley of Drakes.