Heal
Purchase from Petrus of Thorolund or Reah.

Great Heal Excerpt
Purchase from Petrus of Thorolund or Reah.

Homeward
Purchase from Petrus of Thorolund or Reah.

Force
Purchase from Petrus of Thorolund or Reah.

Great Heal
Purchase from Reah.

Wrath of God's
Purchase from Reah.

Seek Guidance
Purchase from Reah.

Magic Barrier
Purchase from Reah.

Replenishment
Reward from killing Reah's hollowed body guards in Tomb of the Giants.

Karmic Justice
Sold by the dude after going down from ringing the bell of awakening in the Undead Parish.

Gravelord Sword Dance
Join the gravelord covenant. Can be access by praying to Nito after you have the eye of death and going in a tomb in the room with a row of coffins and a titanite demon in the catacombs.

Gravelord Greatsword Dance
Gain rank 1 in Gravelord Servant Covenant. See Gravelord Sword Dance above for joining information.

Darkmoon Blade Miracle
Reward for getting +1 in Gwyndolin's covenant. You can join by either killing Gwynevere or equiping the Darkmoon Seance Ring and going to the Darkmoon Tomb. There will be a staircase and you can kneel before the white fog. You will need 10 Souvenir of Reprisal to gain rank 1.

Sunlight Blade
Found in a chest after defeating Gwyndolin

Lightning Spear
Given as a bonus for joining the Warrior of Sunlight Covenant. You need 25 faith or less if you helped kill bosses as a white phantom.

Great Lightning Spear
Rewarded for getting rank 1 in the Warrior of Sunlight covenant (required 10 Sunlight Medals).

Sunlight Spear
Reach rank 1 in the Warrior of Sunlight covenant (requires 10 Sunlight Medals) and offer Lord Gwyn's soul.

Emit Force
Help Onion Bro by changing the direction of the boulders in Sen's Fortress and killing the Silver Knights in Anor Londo. After that then you speak to him in Firelink Shrine and tell him you did the stuff.

Soothing Sunlight
Dropped by a Pisaca in the base of the prison in the Duke's Archives

Bountiful Sunlight
Dropped by a Pisaca in the base of the prison in the Duke's Archives

Great Magic Barrier
In Ash Lake, make your way to the other side of the second tree and climb the branch leading around it. Below this branch on the right side of it, there will be a broken log which is actually a tunnel. Drop into the tunnel and find the miracle.

Tranqual Walk of Peace
Found on a corpse in the Catacomb's upper floor. There will be a ladder that goes to a small room with the miracle.

Vow of Silence
In the Painted World of Ariamis on top of the tower that requires the Annex Key to Access. There will be some crow demons that will ambush you.